So next I have an exercise here,
and we need a way for
both the player and
the opponent to get back to their
original position if they
get knocked off the board,
right, so we wanna do this
inside of RollingMovement and
we want to add a Y-height check.
So if the Y position of either
of the spheres is below
the respawn height that we
created in the GameManager,
we should reset
the position of the sphere.
So if the spheres fall off the side of the
board, we should reset the position and
remember again, in the GameManager we
created a globally accessible static
variable to hold what
the respawn height should be,
you should use that to
reset the position here.
And again, this is a snippet of code,
but inside a fixed
update you want to do this on
the RollingMovement component.